## Statistical Significance
Let's say that we've collected data for a web-based experiment. In the experiment, we're testing the change in layout of a product information page to see if this affects the proportion of people who click on a button to go to the download page. This experiment has been designed to have a cookie-based diversion, and we record two things from each user: which page version they received, and whether or not they accessed the download page during the data recording period. (We aren't keeping track of any other factors in this example, such as number of pageviews, or time between accessing the page and making the download, that might be of further interest.)

Your objective in this notebook is to perform a statistical test on both recorded metrics to see if there is a statistical difference between the two groups.
## Experiment Size
We can use the knowledge of our desired practical significance boundary to plan out our experiment. By knowing how many observations we need in order to detect our desired effect to our desired level of reliability, we can see how long we would need to run our experiment and whether or not it is feasible.

Let's use the example from the video, where we have a baseline click-through rate of 10% and want to see a manipulation increase this baseline to 12%. How many observations would we need in each group in order to detect this change with power  1−𝛽=.80  (i.e. detect the 2% absolute increase 80% of the time), at a Type I error rate of  𝛼=.05 ?

## Using Dummy Tests
When it comes to designing an experiment, it might be useful to run a dummy test as a predecessor to or as part of that process. In a dummy test, you will implement the same steps that you would in an actual experiment to assign the experimental units into groups. However, the experimental manipulation won't actually be implemented, and the groups will be treated equivalently.

There are multiple reasons to run a dummy test. First, a dummy test can expose if there are any errors in the randomization or assignment procedures. A short dummy test can be worth the investment if an invariant metric is found to have a statistically significant difference, or if some other systematic bias is identified, because it can help avoid larger problems down the line. A second reason to run a dummy test is to collect data on metrics' behaviors. If historic data is not enough to predict the outcome of recorded metrics or allow for experiment duration to be computed, then a dummy test can be useful for getting baselines.

Of course, performing a dummy test requires an investment of resources, the most important of which is time. If time is of the essence, then you may need to just go ahead with the experiment, keeping an eye on invariant metrics for any trouble. An alternative approach is to perform a hybrid test. In the A/B testing paradigm, this can take the form of an A/A/B test. That is, we split the data into three groups: two control and one experimental. A comparison between control groups can be used to learn about null-environment properties before making inferences on the effect of the experimental manipulation.
